README.md, before:

# memory-game

## Project for the Front-End Web Developer Nanodegree - Intermediate Javascript

Play the game at https://alffox.github.io/memory-game/

A browser-based card matching game (also known as _Concentration_)

The game board should consist of 16 "cards" arranged in a grid. The deck is made up of 8 different pairs of cards, each with different symbols on one side. The cards are arranged randomly on the grid with the symbol face down. The gameplay rules are very simple: flip over two hidden cards at a time to locate the ones that match!

### Each turn:

* The player flips one card over to reveal its underlying symbol
* The player then turns over a second card, trying to find the corresponding card with the same symbol
* If the cards match, both cards stay flipped over
* If the cards do not match, both cards are flipped face down
* The game ends once all cards have been correctly matched

### Game behavior:

|   CRITERIA	|   MEETS SPECIFICATIONS	|
|---	|---	|
|  Game Logic 	|   The game randomly shuffles the cards. A user wins once all cards have successfully been matched.	|
|   Congratulations Popup	|   When a user wins the game, a modal appears to congratulate the player and ask if they want to play again. It should also tell the user how much time it took to win the game, and what the star rating was.	|
|   Restart Button	|   A restart button allows the player to reset the game board, the timer, and the star rating.	|
|   Star Rating	|   The game displays a star rating (from 1-3) that reflects the player's performance. At the beginning of a game, it should display 3 stars. After some number of moves, it should change to a 2 star rating. After a few more moves, it should change to a 1 star rating.	The number of moves needed to change the rating is up to you, but it should happen at _some_ point.|
|  Timer 	|   When the player starts a game, a displayed timer should also start. Once the player wins the game, the timer stops.	|
| Move Counter  |  Game displays the current number of moves a user has made. |

Commit message:

docs: Add instructions how to load and start the game

README.md, after:

# memory-game

## Project for the Front-End Web Developer Nanodegree - Intermediate Javascript

This is a browser-based card matching game (also known as _Concentration_)

To load the game, navigate to https://alffox.github.io/memory-game/

To start the game, simply click one of the green squares in the yellow grid. The game board consists of 16 "cards" arranged in a grid. The deck is made up of 8 different pairs of cards, each with different symbols on one side. The cards are arranged randomly on the grid with the symbol face down. The gameplay rules are very simple: flip over two hidden cards at a time to locate the ones that match!

### Each turn:

* The player flips one card over to reveal its underlying symbol
* The player then turns over a second card, trying to find the corresponding card with the same symbol
* If the cards match, both cards stay flipped over
* If the cards do not match, both cards are flipped face down
* The game ends once all cards have been correctly matched

### Game behavior:

|   CRITERIA	|   MEETS SPECIFICATIONS	|
|---	|---	|
|  Game Logic 	|   The game randomly shuffles the cards. A user wins once all cards have successfully been matched.	|
|   Congratulations Popup	|   When a user wins the game, a modal appears to congratulate the player and ask if they want to play again. It should also tell the user how much time it took to win the game, and what the star rating was.	|
|   Restart Button	|   A restart button allows the player to reset the game board, the timer, and the star rating.	|
|   Star Rating	|   The game displays a star rating (from 1-3) that reflects the player's performance. At the beginning of a game, it should display 3 stars. After some number of moves, it should change to a 2 star rating. After a few more moves, it should change to a 1 star rating.	The number of moves needed to change the rating is up to you, but it should happen at _some_ point.|
|  Timer 	|   When the player starts a game, a displayed timer should also start. Once the player wins the game, the timer stops.	|
| Move Counter  |  Game displays the current number of moves a user has made. |
